🌿 Day 7: My First Week Graduation
Today was my most important milestone yet: moving from a "linear" workflow to a professional, parallel workflow. I’ve officially transitioned from editing my "Main" code directly to using safe, isolated "Universes" to test my ideas.
1. My "Parallel Universes" (Branching)
  I learned that in professional engineering, the main branch is sacred. I now know how to create a "copy" of my project to experiment without any risk of breaking my working code.
Create & Switch: git checkout -b <branch-name>
Switching: git checkout <branch-name>
Tracking: git branch (to see my local setup) or git branch -a (to see everything).

2. Bridging the Gap (Remote Workflow)
  I understand that my PC and GitHub are two different "brains."
To keep them in sync, I’ve mastered the PR (Pull Request) cycle:Push: 
I send my feature branch to GitHub using git push origin <branch-name>.
Request: I head to the GitHub website to "Request" a merge into my main code.
Merge: I click that green button on GitHub to finalize the integration.
Sync: I bring those changes back home to my PC with:Bashgit checkout main
git pull origin main

3. Maintaining a Clean Workspace
I learned that once a branch is merged, the "scaffolding" is no longer needed.
I keep my repository tidy by cleaning up as I go:
Safe Delete: git branch -d <branch-name> (Git won't let me delete it unless it's safely merged).
Force Delete: git branch -D <branch-name> (For when I have a messy experiment I need to get rid of instantly).
Cloud Cleanup: git push origin --delete <branch-name> (To keep my GitHub organized too).

🛠️ My Day 7 Practical LogCommandWhat I achievedgit checkout -b <name>Created a safe testing ground.
git push origin <name>Sent my work to the cloud for review.git branch -D <name>
Cleared out a failed experiment.git log --oneline
Audited my 7 days of consistent progress.git pull origin mainSynced my local machine with my GitHub merges.

🏆 Week 1 Graduation Summary
I have successfully built a professional-grade repository and mastered the "Git Fundamentals."
Safety: My project is protected from "trash" files by my .gitignore.
Speed: I’m flying through tasks using my custom Aliases (git s, git l, git cm).
History: I can "Time Travel" to any point in my week using git log.
Teamwork: I know how to manage Branches and Pull Requests like a real engineer.
